Updates to intro (#181)
decentralized-identity/bbs-signature: draft-bbs-signatures.md

A digital signature scheme is a fundamental cryptographic primitive that is used to provide data integrity and verifiable authenticity in various protocols. The core premise of digital signature technology is built upon asymmetric cryptography where-by the possessor of a private key is able to sign a message, where anyone in possession of the corresponding public key matching that of the private key is able to verify the signature.

> The name BBS is derived from the authors of the original academic works of Dan Boneh, Xavier Boyen and Hovav Schacham, where the scheme was first described.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The name BBS is derived from the authors of the original academic work of Dan Boneh, Xavier Boyen, and Hovav Shacham, where the scheme was first described.
```

Beyond the core properties of a digital signature scheme, BBS signatures provide multiple additional unique properties, three key ones are:

**Selective Disclosure** - The scheme allows a signer (issuer) to sign multiple messages and produce a single -constant size- output signature. An intermediary (prover) then possessing the messages and the signature can generate a proof whereby they can choose which messages to disclose, while leaking no-information about the un-disclosed messages. The proof itself guarantees the integrity and authenticity of the disclosed messages (e.g. that they were originally signed by the issuer).

**Unlinkable Proofs** - The proofs generated by the scheme are known as zero-knowledge, proofs-of-knowledge of the signature, meaning a verifying party in receipt of a proof is unable to determine which signature was used to generate the proof, removing a common source of correlation. In general, each proof generated is indistinguishable from random even for two proofs generated from the same signature.

> **Proof of Possession** - The proofs generated by the scheme prove to a verifier that the party who generated the proof (prover) was in possession of a signature without revealing it. The scheme also supports binding a presentation header to the generated proof. The presentation header can include arbitrary information such as a cryptographic nonce, an audience/domain identifier and or time based validity information.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
**Proof of Possession** - The proofs generated by the scheme prove to a verifier that the party who generated the proof (prover) was in possession of a signature without revealing it. The scheme also supports binding a presentation header to the generated proof. The presentation header can include arbitrary information such as a cryptographic nonce, an audience/domain identifier and/or time based validity information.
```
Maybe^?? Or remove the "or"??

Author: `/` often implies or so adding it would be and or or IMO?

Reviewer: I've rapidly checked: and/or is used as an "inclusive or" because saying "or" might be inclusive or exclusive. I think we could use it then but feel free to discard this suggestion!
